if you got the Dark Souls 2 black armor
weapons pack you get five extra weapons
and shields right now my character is a
night so i have this broad sword as well
as the other weapons you get black flame
stone dagger and shield yellow quartz
long sword and shield bound hand axe and
shield homunculus Mason shield and a
transgressor staff and shield see that's
the broadsword
I don't want to hit that lady looks
pretty neat
some of these though I can't use right
now because my level is not high enough
pretty much all the weapons I can't but
three of the shields I can
see which one
think these were the ones
you can't you can have two shields on
you at once but you can't block with
both of them at the same time
and that's the armor pack
you